Remove production/dashboards (#3336)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/production/storage-cassandra.md

Add a data source in Grafana by selecting Prometheus as the data source type and use the Cortex URL to query metrics: `http://localhost:9009/api/prom`.

> Finally, You can monitor Cortex's reads & writes by creating the dashboard. You can follow this [documentation](https://github.com/grafana/cortex-jsonnet/) to do so.

Reviewer: Could you also mention `weaveworks/cortex-dashboards`, please?

```suggestion
Finally, You can monitor Cortex's reads & writes by creating the dashboard. If you're looking for ready to use dashboards, you can take a look at Grafana's [Cortex dashboards and alerts](https://github.com/grafana/cortex-jsonnet/) (Jsonnet) or Weaveworks's [Cortex dashboards](https://github.com/weaveworks/cortex-dashboards) (Python).
```
